when the mouse is collecting a 5 of
floor and leaves with a lot of mobility is
all and will set in motion more
from one of slaughters with joy always
forever
practically catapulted towards the
alley and the friendly lemon doll
that everything was found when leaving the site
they took out the corrals
a doll of the popular and lemon
that is already back
last year they shipped cumbersome
onslaught then here we have friends
viewers
[Music]
[Applause]
practically
catapulted towards him
[Applause]
because 4 multivision the coast channel
rich taking the whole country to all the
national territory these pretty
cumshots of all
this December 25, good comes a
boy who was also hit by the
bull into the alley to take him to
the assistance and fernando
of training from nursing for
see how is the take again the
spine suffered that boy
there all the braves
we hope god wants
the customer of 4 multivision the dump
this bull is national song is champion
national of costa rica all champion
popular 580 kilos ridden by rodolfo
villalobos rocks and grandma
livestock heriberto brand 13 x turrialba
and if you ask in his right hand to lower his
left leg the bull goes a little bit
backwards is an unmistakable sign that
he is an excellent bull
[Applause]
we did not say
and we said
Excellent
[Applause]
romilio time 4 seconds and 17
hundredths 417
[Music]
from this
we have to say some things
the schools that lead to the
boy are not schools for the mind
I definitely do not find
the bull was up
a new blog and I connect it is a tone
exceptional is the bull coast champion
rich here comes out
up the boy did not sit
they are forging
the space left here doubles
to the head
the bull is incorporated
the boy is already money totally already
does not move does not have rodolfo movement
villalobos the bull goes with him up this
it's dramatic
unfortunately matamoros edges is like this
the bullfighting of the popular champion bull
of costa rica with this champion bull 2
carlos manuel cubero there hospital
san carlos in a bullfight is a final
that we broadcast for everyone is rich is
a rosco is a bull rosso co is a bull
well put a lovely stamp is a
criollo with excellent brahaman and is a
bull really good good good
for something is the champion luís fernando